README.md, before:

Portfolio Assignment
==========================================
[![GitHub Classroom Workflow](https://s///github.com/it3049c-fall22-henderson/online-portfolio-ColinMaxwell2001/actions/workflows/classroom.yml/badge.svg)](https://s///github.com/it3049c-fall22-henderson/online-portfolio-ColinMaxwell2001/actions/workflows/classroom.yml)

Instructions to this assignment can be found [here](https://it3049c.github.io/Material/Assignments/1.Online_Portfolio/).
## Checklist:
- [ ] update the assignment checks above to the correct link
- [x] update the assignment checks above to the correct link. - Done Automatically
- [ ] fill out the self evaluation and Reflection
- [ ] submit the repository and the hosted github pages to Canvas

## Self Grading Guide
<!--- put an x in each of the completed sections below .. e.g. [x] Task 1 --->

- [ ] The WebPage has all the required sections. (10 Points - 2 points each)
  - Including styles and script files using relative paths.
  - familiarity with nesting HTML tags. i.e.: a <div> containing other elements.
  - presenting content using different HTML tags. i.e. `<ol>`, `<ul>`, `<p>`, `<img>`
  - assigning classes and IDs properly.
  - Styling the page using classes and IDs in the css file.
- [ ] The Web page is hosted on GitHub Pages. (3 Points)
- [ ] Proper usage of git and GitHub and making frequent commits (3 points).
- [ ] Pull request is submitted. (3 points)

<!--- Update the following line with your grade --->
I should get ( ) out of 20 on this assignment.

## Self-Reflection:


### How long it took me to finish this?

-----------------------

Commit message:

finished self reflection checklist. staged commit

README.md, after:

Portfolio Assignment
==========================================
[![GitHub Classroom Workflow](https://s///github.com/it3049c-fall22-henderson/online-portfolio-ColinMaxwell2001/actions/workflows/classroom.yml/badge.svg)](https://s///github.com/it3049c-fall22-henderson/online-portfolio-ColinMaxwell2001/actions/workflows/classroom.yml)

Instructions to this assignment can be found [here](https://it3049c.github.io/Material/Assignments/1.Online_Portfolio/).
## Checklist:
- [x] update the assignment checks above to the correct link
- [x] update the assignment checks above to the correct link. - Done Automatically
- [x] fill out the self evaluation and Reflection
- [x] submit the repository and the hosted github pages to Canvas

## Self Grading Guide
<!--- put an x in each of the completed sections below .. e.g. [x] Task 1 --->

- [x] The WebPage has all the required sections. (10 Points - 2 points each)
  - Including styles and script files using relative paths.
  - familiarity with nesting HTML tags. i.e.: a <div> containing other elements.
  - presenting content using different HTML tags. i.e. `<ol>`, `<ul>`, `<p>`, `<img>`
  - assigning classes and IDs properly.
  - Styling the page using classes and IDs in the css file.
- [x] The Web page is hosted on GitHub Pages. (3 Points)
- [x] Proper usage of git and GitHub and making frequent commits (3 points).
- [x] Pull request is submitted. (3 points)

<!--- Update the following line with your grade --->
I should get (20) out of 20 on this assignment.

## Self-Reflection:
I had trouble with the staging aspect of the assignment, but now I beleive I know how to successfully stage commits. I have never staged commits before, so this was a good learning experience to practice that. 

### How long it took me to finish this?
2-3 hours with breaks in between
-----------------------
